friend of mine has a rule in LA that if
there are more than two Persians on a
tee on it either team he won't play
basketball okay because they're a pain
in the ass okay if they're on his team
definitely not because they don't pass
the ball and they don't and okay look
these are gross generalizations and we
just played ball with a whole bunch of
Persians and half of them did not fit
that at all they were great ball players
the other half totally fit that
description pain in the balls guy thinks
he should shoot every freaking ball and
it what it is is it's a sense of
entitlement and it has nothing new that
they're purchased of course but it has
to do with it they're rich because a lot
of the Persians in this town are rich
right and so they have this entitlement
like why would I pass the ball the whole
game is being played so I can shoot more
and then he goes and we'll play any
defense okay Jerry Jackson is it okay to
be racialist like this and make a two
Persian rule on the basketball court
that if there's two even if it's on the
other team you won't play one he first
of all he's full of of course if
we're there he's gonna play but if he
says there's more than two Persians on
either side the game's gonna suck and we
shouldn't bother play I've never played
with Persians oh really I've never
played basketball persons I um but you
know what
III sometimes those situations I like
I've been playing basketball sometimes
there's annoying people playing from
watching I'm waiting for the next game
and I see the annoying people I can't
wait to play them oh really because I
want to just make them feel bad beat the
out I'm glad you reminded me
because you know what happened is we had
one of the guys on our team and look I'm
the racial stuff of course this
ridiculous over generalization because
the best players on the other team were
Persians and they passed and they played
defense they were playing well right so
anyway but our guys have pain in the
balls right and he won't play any
defenses a tight game it goes to 13 it's
12 12 won't guard his guy it's an every
single basket is scored by the guy he's
covered we've switched into three
different guys and the thing that's
maddening is that he's not a bad player
he could be a good player if he just
bothered to play right so then we lost
because of course there was another wide
open shot from his player and they won
13 12 right so
anyway next game he's on the other team
and Steve's like okay because I'm a
decent shooter right Souza make sure you
guard him cuz then he won't guard you
and look at a whole bunch of open shots
so I was like as soon as we got on the
court I was I'll take him right and I
lit it up on it like four or five six
shots and they least and then I loved it
the other Persians they all got on the
same team five of them and they're all
like dude cover him all the economy and
then at the end when we won we 1312
Steve ghosts take a drink and there by
the fountain right and I was inside he
said yeah they're yelling out and
they're like how tough is it guys this
big